[{"url":"ph3pddpKzzw","name":"Hyperextensions (Back Extensions)","wanted":1,"mg":3,"rep":8,"set":3,"weight":20,"muscle":0,"steps":["Lie face down on a hyperextension bench, tucking your ankles securely under the footpads","With your body straight, cross your arms in front of you (my preference) or behind your head. This will be your starting position","Start bending forward slowly at the waist as far as you can while keeping your back flat. Inhale as you perform this movement.","Slowly raise your torso back to the initial position as you inhale."]},
{"url":"lMBKFUfJw9o","name":"Reverse Grip Bent-Over Rows","wanted":1,"mg":3,"rep":8,"set":3,"weight":20,"muscle":1,"steps":["Stand erect while holding a barbell with a supinated grip (palms facing up).","Bend your knees slightly and bring your torso forward, by bending at the waist, while keeping the back straight until it is almost parallel to the floor.","While keeping the torso stationary, lift the barbell as you breathe out, keeping the elbows close to the body and not doing any force with the forearm other than holding the weights. On the top contracted position, squeeze the back muscles and hold for a second."]},
{"url":"iUNoLR0pYjY","name":"Pull Up","wanted":1,"mg":3,"rep":8,"set":3,"weight":20,"muscle":2,"steps":["Grab the pull-up bar with the palms facing forward using the prescribed grip.","As you have both arms extended in front of you holding the bar at the chosen grip width, bring your torso back around 30 degrees or so while creating a curvature on your lower back and sticking your chest out.","Pull your torso up until the bar touches your upper chest by drawing the shoulders and the upper arms down and back. Exhale as you perform this portion of the movement.","After a second on the contracted position, start to inhale and slowly lower your torso back to the starting position when your arms are fully extended and the lats are fully stretched."]},
{"url":"lueEJGjTuPQ","name":"Wide-Grip Lat Pulldown","wanted":1,"mg":3,"rep":8,"set":3,"weight":20,"muscle":2,"steps":["Sit down on a pull-down machine with a wide bar attached to the top pulley. Make sure that you adjust the knee pad of the machine to fit your height. These pads will prevent your body from being raised by the resistance attached to the bar.","Grab the bar with the palms facing forward using the prescribed grip.","As you have both arms extended in front of you holding the bar at the chosen grip width, bring your torso back around 30 degrees or so while creating a curvature on your lower back and sticking your chest out. This is your starting position.","As you breathe out, bring the bar down until it touches your upper chest by drawing the shoulders and the upper arms down and back.","After a second at the contracted position squeezing your shoulder blades together, slowly raise the bar back to the starting position when your arms are fully extended and the lats are fully stretched. Inhale during this portion of the movement."]},
{"url":"KDEl3AmZbVE","name":"T-Bar Row with Handle","wanted":1,"mg":3,"rep":8,"set":3,"weight":20,"muscle":1,"steps":["Position a bar into a landmine or in a corner to keep it from moving. Load an appropriate weight onto your end.","Stand over the bar, and position a Double D row handle around the bar next to the collar. Using your hips and legs, rise to a standing position.","Assume a wide stance with your hips back and your chest up. Your arms should be extended. This will be your starting position.","Pull the weight to your upper abdomen by retracting the shoulder blades and flexing the elbows. Do not jerk the weight or cheat during the movement.","After a brief pause, return to the starting position."]},
{"url":"CpWsUsqBtN8","name":"Deficit Deadlift","wanted":1,"mg":3,"rep":8,"set":3,"weight":20,"muscle":0,"steps":["Begin by having a platform or weight plates that you can stand on, usually 1-3 inches in height. Approach the bar so that it is centered over your feet. You feet should be about hip width apart. Bend at the hip to grip the bar at shoulder width, allowing your shoulder blades to protract. Typically, you would use an overhand grip or an over/under grip on heavier sets.","With your feet, and your grip set, take a big breath and then lower your hips and bend the knees until your shins contact the bar. Look forward with your head, keep your chest up and your back arched, and begin driving through the heels to move the weight upward. After the bar passes the knees, aggressively pull the bar back, pulling your shoulder blades together as you drive your hips forward into the bar.","Lower the bar by bending at the hips and guiding it to the floor."]},
{"url":"cT5_GyOXIgE","name":"Smith Machine Shrug","wanted":1,"mg":3,"rep":8,"set":3,"weight":20,"muscle":3,"steps":["To begin, set the bar height on the smith machine around the middle of your thighs. Once the correct height is chosen and the bar is loaded, grab the bar using a pronated grip (palms facing you) shoulder width apart from each other.","Lift the barbell up and fully extend your arms with your back straight. This is the starting position.","While exhaling, elevate the bar by raising your shoulders until they come close to touching your ears.","Hold the contraction for a second before lowering the bar back down to the starting position while inhaling."]}]
